We are already connected.
Current training to the service but when we are done we still emit an event the same for when we cancel
the training.
I no longer want to admit an event so let's get rid of that event Demeter let's get rid of the output
and even dimeter imports in the current training component in the training component where we implemented.
Let's no longer listen to training exit.
This is not how we stop or finished his training.
Instead we now want to use our training service.
We got to start exercise method.
I also want to have a complete exercise method and I also want to have a cancel exercise method.
Both don't necessarily need to take the exercise idea as an argument because we're storing the running
exercise in the service anyways.
No complete success case we're simply done.
We completed the entire duration cancell is where we well cancelled the exercise.
I didn't want to store how much we completed and calculate the calories we burn.
Let's start with the simpler case complete exercise in there.
I will set this running exercise to now and emit exercise changed by calling next and also emitting
null here.
This will basically mean we got no running exercise.
Now I want to store all completed or canceled exercises so let's add a new propertied training service
the exercises property which is of type exercise array and it's an empty array.
Initially incomplete exercise before we now running exercise.
I will actually store it is still running exercised because we didn't suddenly called from Oleate in
the exercises great so I will reach out to this exercises and push this running exercise so this will
push this object to exercises if we dare after set it to null.
We will not set it to null in the array because we just set this running exercise to now sold this property
not de-value it was pointing to previously.
So now we're pushing this into our exercise array.
However I don't just want to push it like dead.
I will instead push a new object because I want to add some properties to first of all with the spread
operator.
We can copy all the properties of the running exercise.
However I now also want to set a date which is just new date so the date when we completed the exercise
and I'll set the stage to complete.
Dessous the object and want to push two exercises.
If we don't cancel it but regularly finish it now for cancelling the exercise is a bit different.
All copy the code from complete exercise.
I still want to set the running exercise for null and amidst this event I also still want to push the
exercise to my array of exercises but of course the state will be cancelled and I also need to override
the duration because we didn't complete the entire exercise and the calories.
So let's assume that uncancel exercise we get the progress we made.
This allows us to calculate how many calories we burned and how much of the duration we actually finished
their duration is this running exercise duration times progress divided by 100.
Because progress goes all the way up to 100.
And for calories it's running exercise duration times progress divided by a 100.
Now we're storing the exercise as we well did complete or to be precise.
Cancelbot now with all that set up we should actually already switch in training component whenever
we stop or cancel or complete it successfully because we have a subscription to the exercise changed
and if it's now then ongoing training is set to false and current training.
Well here we need to adjust something we no longer emit training exit.
Instead here I access this trading service cancel.
In this case here because we did cancel and there I need to pass the current progress so I passed this
progress indie resume or start a resume timer method here if progress reaches 100 were also done.
This is where I want to call this training service complete exercise and I don't need to pass anything
here.
With that if we save all these files let's again log in with some dummy data and let's try this out.
Let's start some crunches here and let's wait for this to complete regularly without as clicking stop
or anything like that.
And this should now take 40 seconds so I'll quickly fast forward to when this is almost done and we're
pretty much done years so we're.
And of course we don't see if this was saved but we'll soon see it.
Now let's start it again and actually stop and continue.
So that looks good to me.
And stop and really quit and we're all the way back or this is all working would be nice to see all
our past exercises both complete and cancelled underdosed past exercises tab now.
Finally this is where we will use a number of angular material component and connected to our data.